[FIX] Do not set `score=0` if all `decoder.coef_ ==0` (#5097)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

0.11.2.dev
==========

HIGHLIGHTS
----------

> - Fixes the behavior of :func:`nilearn.decoder.Decoder` where it sets the score to zero if all coefficients are zero, irrespective of the scoring metric used. This change ensures that the average cross-validated scores are comparable to a pure sklearn implementation. (:gh:`5097`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes the behavior of :func:`nilearn.decoder.Decoder` where it used to set the score to zero if all coefficients are zero, irrespective of the scoring metric used. This change ensures that the average cross-validated scores are comparable to a pure sklearn implementation. (:gh:`5097`).
```

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Ensure that only valid surface meshes can be instantiated. (:gh:`5036` by `Rémi Gau`_).

> - :bdg-dark:`Code` Do not set score to zero if all coefficients are zero in :func:`nilearn.decoder.Decoder` and ensure average scores are comparable to a pure sklearn implementation (:gh:`5097` by `Himanshu Aggarwal`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-dark:`Code` Do not set score to zero if all coefficients are zero in :func:`nilearn.decoder.Decoder` and ensure average scores are comparable to a pure scikit-learn implementation (:gh:`5097` by `Himanshu Aggarwal`_).
```
